---
title: "Game Updates 10/21!!!"
description: "Original Patreon post: /TwirlinCurtis/posts/game-updates-10-114466480"
pubDate: 2024-10-22
---

<p>Here's your weekly (hopefully) game update! <br/><br/>- CURING SKILLS!<br/>Skills that target the player's party (mostly for curing purposes) was added to the game! A minor part of that was writing a little bit of code that lets the number of targeting cursors that appears be dictated by the skills themselves. The strength of skills isn't fine tuned yet... but honestly... the default numbers and scaling I put in kinda work ok...</p><p><br/>- THE F.I.T. BUILDING<br/>Added 3 screens to the area of the game called the F.I.T. Building... what horrors lie within???? ...who knows, but there are lots of filing cabinets and desktop computers in there.</p><p>-LEVEL UP TIME!<br/>Added screens for leveling up after battle! They're motionless at the moment.... but they work! And the color of the numbers beside the stat names show whether or not that stat <em>actually</em> increased during the current level up or remained the same. Still experiencing a weird bug where only <em>OCCASSIONALLY</em> a character can have more than 9999 during the level up from 98 to 99... gotta find where that's coming from.</p><p>-MINOR TWEAKS<br/>Added text to the menu screen that shows a character's level.<br/>Removed long skill description field in favor of a quick blurb that shows while picking a skill.<br/>Characters and enemies no longer cause <em>negative damage</em> when attacking an opponent with more defense than their attack and base stat combined.<br/>All skills now have their own base stat from which they derive the majority of their strength.</p><p></p><p>-THINGS TO DO NEXT</p><p></p><p>-F.I.T. BUILDING<br/>It needs more areas and rooms. Plain as.</p><p>-TRAILER<br/>This is the most important thing... I want this to be where I share the name of the game... so getting this done ASAP is high up on the list.</p><p>-SCALTRA'S MODES<br/>The little alien child has some <em>MECHANICS</em> to add... I don't wanna give too much away... but late game battles will HINGE on this.</p><p>-SWAPPABLE PALETTES<br/>Gotta add a way to swap palettes from within the game... I have some options... I could just have it right in the menu... or even have it be a special location you have to go to to do it maybe... much to consider...</p><p></p><p>-THANK YOU~!<br/></p><p>This is my first week of having a Patreon and sharing such a detailed update about my game! I wanna thank you so much for supporting me! I'm gonna do my gosh darndest to make a post every Sunday (maybe Monday if I'm late). TBH, that will help ME stay on task, since I'll have a little added pressure.</p><p>If you have any questions or comments about the game feel free to let me know! Thanks, everyone! </p>