---
title: "GAME UPDATES 10/27!!"
description: "Original Patreon post: /TwirlinCurtis/posts/game-updates-10-114836247"
pubDate: 2024-10-28
---

<p>ANOTHER WEEK ANOTHER UPDATE!</p><p>This week was very much dedicated to QoL things for myself. I didn't add too many features, but I <em>DID</em> change how many features work and how data is stored and translated.</p><p><strong>-CHARACTER PANELS</strong></p><p>The character stat panels in the menu now show a character's level! IDK why it didn't before but... it does now!</p><p><strong>-LEVEL UP SCREEN</strong></p><p>The level up screen is now animated! I had an issue where the sparkles on the level up text were leaving weird pixel artifacts... but, a solution I found for weird running animations actually fixed this! I also moved where the character's face is to make it more visible behind the stats.</p><p><strong>-ADDED RAIN EFFECTS AND NEW AREAS</strong></p><p>Added a back hallway and stairwell to the FIT Building. The back hallway is dark and light beams in through the window and shows rain outside! Added rain to some OTHER scenes too, but those are secret ;)</p><p><strong>-CHOICES</strong></p><p>This was the hardest part. It took me all day, but I did add dialogue choices to the game. You might receive options to pick up to 3 different choices at any different time in dialogue. I also added a third of a second buffer to choices before you're allowed to pick one, so players don't actually just smash through the text and accidentally choose something.</p><p><strong>-SAVE STATION</strong></p><p>The save station is now more featured. You can save and load your game here, or log into the FamilyTech Network. The game checks for if one of your party members actually HAS clearance to log into the network.</p><p></p><p><em>-</em><em><strong>THINGS TO DO NEXT</strong></em></p><p></p><p>-<strong>LAST WEEK'S THINGS</strong></p><p>TBH, I didn't do any of the things I put in last week's to-do pile, haha! Mostly, I've been concerned about getting things ready for the trailer... but honestly, working on the trailer really killed some of my momentum... I think I might have to push it back just a little bit for now.</p><p><strong>-STEAM PAGE</strong></p><p>I applied for a Steam Page! It looks like everything is working out, but it could be up until next Thursday until I get approved. Excited to have a place for people to wishlist the game soon!</p><p><strong>-MORE AREAS</strong></p><p>I've really gotta finish the FIT Building soon. Once it's done, I COULD convert that chapter of the game into a demo....</p><p><strong>-FT NETWORK</strong></p><p>The FT Network will be accessible from the Save Station (A.K.A. The Family Tech Web 4.0 Storage and Network Access Locker). Once inside, you'll be able to do some shopping and exchange gift tickets and keys found around the world for items within the storage locker!</p><p></p><p><em><strong>-STATE OF MIND</strong></em></p><p></p><p>I'm a LITTLE bit exhausted of going 24/7 at this game at the moment... I might take a short break and actually PLAY a video game this week... so maybe a little bit of a smaller update next week, but I'll definitely do SOMETHING, no worries there!</p><p></p><p>As always, thank you all so much for the support! It means a lot to me! You're the best! Definitely comment if you have any questions or comments about the game! See y'all next week!</p>