---
title: "NEGATIVE REVERIE UPDATE 3/8/25"
description: "Original Patreon post: /TwirlinCurtis/posts/negative-reverie-123929046"
pubDate: 2025-03-08
---

<p>Wow!</p><p>An update that isn't on Sunday or Monday! I figure it's still the weekend, so it counts.</p><p></p><p>First of all, thank you so much for 2000 wishlists on Steam! I figure anyone who is subscribed to the Patreon probably already has wishlisted the game... but that just means that <em>you</em> get to be thanked every time we hit a milestone! Wow, what a deal!</p><p>The main thing I've been doing is still hacking away at the script. It's now 137 pages long and a little over halfway done! It's the first time I've written a game story and dialogue so it's been quite the experiment, but I think it's coming along pretty well! I'm proud of it. :) </p><p>Speaking of which, <em>no spoilers</em>, but I did upload a few lil funny snippets from the script to the images, so enjoy those!</p><p>ALSO, DID YOU SEE?? Godot 4.4 is out! I've updated Godot and luckily nothing in the game broke, hahaha. There's nothing in the update that really affects the game at the moment... but there are a lot of cool changes in there. I've been very happy with the Godot ecosystem and it seems like its just getting better. Very cool.</p><p>As far as the actual game itself, I did add some floors to the first area and some additional rooms. ALSO??? There was a weird bug where certain objects were taking up more space than their actual physical forms... turns out I had them set to RigidBody items instead of StaticBody. Who knew?</p><p>I'VE! BEEN! DRAWING! Idk what happened, but last week I drew anime characters every day of the week and tbh I think it's the most improvement I've ever seen in my own skills. Who woulda thunk that actually practicing something consistently would lead to gains? That actually brings me to an interesting question... </p><p>///<em>I'm CONSIDERING maybe separating Negative Reverie and pixel art posts and maybe even uploading NSFW versions of them here... I'm full aware that plenty of you are here for that SWEET SWEET gamedev information and probably don't care to see pixelated video game SMUT in your feed, so... Idk, maybe I won't. I'm undecided. If you have an opinion on it, please do comment and let me know! Either way, I'll definitely blur or hide the images somehow at first so you don't get flashbanged by them, if that's not your jam.///</em></p><p>So, that's a lot! I've been busy busy! Not to mention playing shows with my band Zaku and recording an album!! Let me know if you wanna see anything else here on the Patreon feed and once again, THANK YOU SO MUCH! AWOO! </p><p></p>