---
title: "NEGATIVE REVERIE UPDATE 4/1"
description: "Original Patreon post: /TwirlinCurtis/posts/negative-reverie-125714047"
pubDate: 2025-04-01
---

<p>I don't have an April fools joke, I'm sorry. Please forgive me. In penance, please enjoy this Patreon-only pixel art of Vuota being mad.</p><p><strong>SCRIPT</strong></p><p>It's up to 235 pages! As it's planned, the game has 19 "Main" chapters and 1 "Sidequest" chapter. 15 Chapters are now complete, leaving only 4 more to go! Honestly, I'm pretty proud of how it's wrapping up.</p><p><strong>BG ART</strong></p><p>The next big thing I want to concentrate on, after finishing the script, is the tilemap art for each area in the game. I got a bit of a jump on it this week by mocking up a few example areas, as shown in the images. I'm being extra picky about trying to make the building interiors and exteriors have logical sizing to them. Really going for that modern corporate office feel, lmao.</p><p><strong>EQUIPMENT REWORKING???</strong></p><p>I've been trying to play some other RPGs recently, to keep my mind open and get more inspiration and a few games I've played have given me some new ideas on how to handle equipment in the game. The F.I.T. System is still sticking around... it's crucial... but weapons are going to be reworked when I get back to coding.</p><p><strong>WHAT'S NEXT</strong></p><p>This is my last week working on day shift at my normal job... so since I'll be living that solitary night life for a few months... I'm gonna dedicate extra time to working on Negative Reverie. Therefore, expect a quicker pace for updates and bigger changes soon!!!</p><p>As always, thank you so much for supporting me on Patreon! I appreciate it a lot!! Maybe I can come up with something extra to offer supporters soon besides just extra doodles once every two weeks, haha. Let me know if there is anything you would look forward to! Thank you and see ya next week!!! </p><p></p><p></p>