---
title: "NEGATIVE REVERIE UPDATE 2/23/25"
description: "Original Patreon post: /TwirlinCurtis/posts/negative-reverie-122961030"
pubDate: 2025-02-24
---

<p>Dang! Once again, it's been some WEEKS since an update on Negative Reverie.<br/><br/>A big reason for that is that I've been hard at work recording guitar parts for the new ZAKU album. (If you didn't know, I'm in a metal fusion band called ZAKU. We sound like Megaman X.) <br/><br/>BUT, I <em>have</em> redone the battle system for the THIRD time! It took a lot of effort, but I think my handle on how to structure a program is much better now. It takes less than half the lines of code and its much more organized.<br/><br/>ALSO, today... I wrote over FIFTY pages of script for the game. To me, the plot is the most important part of NR, so I'm definitely obsessing over it. Honestly, compared to the story, the actual gameplay is almost insignificant to me... (obviously, I'll still try to make it as good as possible.)<br/><br/>Also, I've gotten addicted to learning about the PC88. I know the NEC PC98 is the much more popular one, but the art for the PC88 is SO limited that I've really connected with it. Love that stuff.<br/><br/>Anyway, look forward to more common updates! I'm gonna probably make them a little less formal and a little more off-the-cuff from now on, so I can be sure to not miss any weeks.<br/><br/>Lemme know if u have any comments or questions! Appreciate every one of you, as always! <br/><br/>EDIT: ONE LAST THING<br/><br/>I figure that most of you don't want to be spoiled on the plot, but also I want to make sure you're getting your money's worth on the Patreon... I wonder if I should drop little plot points here or not 🤔</p>