---
title: "NEGATIVE REVERIE 12/22"
description: "Original Patreon post: /TwirlinCurtis/posts/negative-reverie-118497808"
pubDate: 2024-12-22
---

<p>Got a lot done this week! It's not all glamorous, but its gonna make making the rest of the game super smooth.</p><ul><li><p><strong>ELEVATORS - </strong>I know, I know, if you've seen ANYTHING from me on social media this week, its showing off the elevator animations.... but it has been a lot of fun and I'm pretty proud of it! It's not 100% done yet, but it's close!</p></li><li><p><strong>ITEMS - </strong>I went back and redid how items work for every system in the game. It took a few days to refactor them for everything, but they're working nice now!!</p></li><li><p><strong>EVENT ACTIONS - </strong>Now when you're in a dialogue or a cutscene, the code is there to check for items that you may need to continue the scene, or items you may receive or lose during the scene.</p></li><li><p><strong>ATTACK ITEM FUNCTIONALITY - </strong>Technically I added the attack item types last week, but this week I actually made them work in battle. As it stands, they do a consistent amount of damage to an enemy without factoring in things like defense.</p></li></ul><p><strong>THINGS TO DO:</strong></p><p>This week, it's tough to decide what I want to put on my plate for Negative Reverie. Part of me wants to take some time to study some C++ so that I can more thoroughly follow along with the book Game Programming Patterns by Robert Nystrom. I think having a deeper understanding of the theory behind game code structure might help me to move forward more quickly without having to refactor systems.</p><p>Regardless of what I need to do from a gamedev perspective one thing I REALLY gotta do and SOON is... <strong>WRITE OUT THE PLOT.</strong></p><p>I have a pretty good concept of the over arching plot, but I need to take some time to really delve into the specifics.</p><p></p><p><strong>ONLY ONE MORE UPDATE THIS YEAR</strong></p><p>As always, thank you so much for your support! Next Sunday will be the last update of 2024! The other day I took a look at how old the NR project is.... and its over SIX MONTHS OLD now holy cow... I gotta get cookin!! <em>NYOOOM!</em></p>