---
title: "NEGATIVE REVERIE UPDATE 11/18/24"
description: "Original Patreon post: /TwirlinCurtis/posts/negative-reverie-116247805"
pubDate: 2024-11-18
---

<p>Time for your weekly Reverie! IT'S UPDATE TIME!</p><p><strong>UPDATES:</strong></p><ul><li><p><strong>1000+ WISHLISTS - </strong>Holy frijole! We reached over 1000 wishlists on Steam!!! Thank you so much for the support! </p></li><li><p><strong>Battle Formulas - </strong>Reworked the battle formulas to favor certain stats over others. Balanced the mechanics in favor of making the first fight in the game feel good, but also be pretty much impossible to lose.</p></li><li><p><strong>Battle Mechanics - </strong>Added a few more tiny bits of mechanics to the battle system, like giving attacks involving "bullets" their own type. Characters also have persistent elemental defense now, dependent on their equipment and status.</p></li><li><p><strong>Stats Magic - </strong>This is all behind-the-scenes, but the way stats are called and grabbed in the code is completely different now. Now, there is no tracked stat for say, all your attack power from your combined internal stats and equipment stats. The totals are all just calculated right at the moment they're used.</p></li><li><p><strong>Moron Club - </strong>The first full usable F.I.T. brand in the game, Moron Club, is now added and active! You'll have to wait til the game is out to see what the effects are, but they work!</p></li><li><p><strong>Hit that Vape! - </strong>Vaping has been added to the game. Trust me on this one.</p></li><li><p><strong>Debug, Debug, Debug - </strong>Added an in-game debug menu for faster testing. It allows me to set stats and levels while I playtest without having to get into the code.</p></li><li><p><strong>The Doors - </strong>There are now different kinds of doors... liked Locked with Keycard, Locked with Passcode, Unlocked, Elevator, etc.</p></li><li><p><strong>Selectable Player Sprites - </strong>You can now choose which of the cast you control on the overworld!</p></li><li><p><strong>BUGS - </strong>Surprisingly, not too many bugs this time. I had a pretty bad one where Level-Up stats weren't showing if you moved characters around in the "Switch" menu and then leveled up on the same screen. Everything works now, though.</p></li></ul><p><strong>THE TO-DO LIST</strong></p><ul><li><p><strong>ASSETS - </strong>God help me, its time to make more assets. I'm coming up on the limit of what I can code right now without actually drawing more areas and characters. </p></li><li><p><strong>VILLAINS - </strong>I've passed the descriptions of all the villains on to our character artist, Mai. Excited to see them take shape.</p></li></ul><p></p><p>Welp, that's all I've got for you this week! I really appreciate all the support you've shown me thus far and I'm super excited to continue working toward the goal of releasing the game! It'll be a while yet, but I'm feeling good!!! </p>