---
title: "Negative Reverie 3/16/25"
description: "Original Patreon post: /TwirlinCurtis/posts/negative-reverie-124513445"
pubDate: 2025-03-16
---

<p>We'll see how long this lasts but....</p><p>That first goofy lil cartoon sketch is a <em>patreon exclusive</em> wow how amazing.</p><p>I'm tryna give y'all SOMETHING haha!</p><p>Also extra special thanks to the new Patrons!! Thank you thank you!!! I see you and appreciate it big time! </p><p>OK GAME DISCUSSION:</p><p><strong>SCRIPT - </strong>Boy howdy... I have been going <em>ham</em> on the script. As of writing, I'm up to page 190! The plot is fully done in my brain, so it's time to just write it all down and make it sound good.</p><p>I don't wanna toot my own horn here too much, but there's some dialogue in there where I'd write it down and then look back at it and go, "Mmm... yeah... ok that's kino." So, IDK... I can't judge the worthiness of my <em>own</em> writing, but I THINK it's gonna be pretty good! I've also been talking with some of my friends that I bounce ideas off of about deepening the battle system considerably...</p><p>We'll just have to see.</p><p>Anyway, I don't imagine I'll be done with the script THIS week... but NEXT week? There's a good chance! Also, I'll be going back on night shift soon, so I'll have more time at night to knock the game out.</p><p>Let's see.... anything else...</p><p>I think, soon... maybe next update, I'd like to write a little bit about my writing process and what I want the game to be like. This is my first game I've ever made AND my first story I've ever written, so... I'm new enough to be coming at it fresh but old enough to be opinionated, haha!</p><p>OH ALSO, if I can get myself to be RESPONSIBLE... I should be able to finish all my guitar parts for my band ZAKU's first full length album. That's a BIG "if", though.</p><p>I've been taking my Japanese studies more seriously the past two weeks, too. Feelin' pretty good about it. I bought the Star Ocean 2 remake on steam and have been playing it with Japanese text and VA. Have you played that remake? It's REALLY good. The art is incredible. Really enjoying it. </p><p>I resubscribed to Crunchyroll? IDK why I did it... I don't watch anime... I guess I was just bored one night and didn't do anything with it for days... BUT...</p><p>My gf got me watching the anime Sleepy Princess in the Demon Castle. 10/10 loving it. I'm juuuuust far enough along with my language studies that I can laugh at the jokes without needing subtitles. Hopefully they're actually as funny as I <em>think</em> they are.</p><p>Anything else I should check out?</p><p>OK, that's it for now! Lemme know if you have any questions or anything! See you next week! </p><p></p>