---
title: "NEGATIVE REVERIE UPDATE 2/2/25"
description: "Original Patreon post: /TwirlinCurtis/posts/negative-reverie-121360605"
pubDate: 2025-02-02
---

<p><strong>THE BIG BATTLE UPDATE</strong></p><p>Just changing around code doesn't always make for the best screenshots, but it DOES make for a better game! (at least in this case, I hope it does... lmao)</p><p>So, I started the battle system from scratch again! For comparison, the old system was almost 3000 lines of code long and didn't have anything wild or wacky in there....</p><p>The new system is, at this point, about 250 lines long (with double lines in between functions) and is more expandable and works better!! The difference is that instead of controlling every aspect of the battle, it just kinda controls the general <em>flow</em> of battle and dishes the actual actions out to individuals objects within the battle to process themselves.</p><p>It's a lot of work for very few visual improvements, but in the end I'm definitely going to be glad I did the work!</p><p>And YES, I have added just a few things:</p><ul><li><p>Environmental Effects - This doesn't do ANYTHING yet, but I put in a battle phase that will cause effects like "Hail" in Pokemon. There's probably some cool stuff to be done with this!</p></li><li><p><strong>UNIQUE ENEMY AI </strong>- It took forever, but I figured out how to make every enemy use it's own unique AI and scripting without having to make entirely new nodes for every single enemy. It's working very well and I'm excited to start really pushing the system soon!</p></li><li><p>Finer Speed Control - Speed and "ticks" have been changed to Floats for more precision and enemies and characters reduce their "ticks" til turn at various modified speeds. This will allow for more granular and dynamic battle turn orders.</p></li><li><p>Tons of small adjustments - Things like adding objects in the code just for handling battle math, scheduling attack animations and displaying dynamic information on the screen.</p></li></ul><p>SO, it's still gonna take a lot of work to rebuild the battle system, but it's coming along pretty well! I hope to have it back to where it was before in maybe a week or two!<br/><br/>Once again, thank you all so much for your support! Let's go! Woowoo!! </p>