---
title: "NEGATIVE REVERIE UPDATE 4/6"
description: "Original Patreon post: /TwirlinCurtis/posts/negative-reverie-126076200"
pubDate: 2025-04-06
---

<p>Happy Sunday! It's YOUR NEGATIVE REVERIE UPDATE TIME!</p><p><strong>THE PLOT</strong></p><p>It's done!!!! The actual moment-to-moment script for the last two chapters isn't set in stone yet, but the rest of the script is written out and the plot beats for the whole game are completely charted out!! I finally can look at the game from a top down view and see what assets I'll need to finish it! It's a nice feeling!</p><p><strong>BATTLES</strong></p><p>Extremely minor battle update: A character's name plate now cracks and fractures when they are KO'd. That's it. :)</p><p><strong>TILEMAPS</strong></p><p>Ok, this is the big one. Tilemaps are where I'm <em><strong>FOCUSING </strong></em>all my energy for the foreseeable future. Negative Reverie takes places over more than 20 locations and each one needs various tilesets and art, so it's gonna take a MINUTE to make. The hardest ones are gonna be the outdoors locations, where I'll need to draw various buildings to make it believable. We'll see if I eat my words, but I don't WANT the buildings in the city to just be copy/pastes of each other. 100% UNIQUE BUILDINGS!!! (Unless I get bored of it.)</p><p><strong>MINIGAMES and ASSORTED JUNK</strong></p><p>You want minigames? No? Oh. Well... there's not really minigames in NR so much as there are like... silly little interactive sections... and I MADE SOME MORE OF THEM! So... get ready for that.</p><p><strong>WHAT'S NEXT</strong></p><p>It's tilemaps. Tilemaps are next. Tilemaps are gonna be next for a WHILE. I'll try to throw in some more stuff here and there but.... it's tilemaps. It's always been tilemaps.</p><p></p><p>AS ALWAYS, THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR SUPPORT! I'm feeling extra relieved that writing the plot is finally finished and glad that I can finally start sharing more and varied updates with you! You're the best! See you next week!!! </p>